What does draft look like for us? Do we want to have pre-set comps with adaptable picks? I could work on something on the site. Also Im working on having it update the stats right now
I just really don't want to get caught in "What looks good here" "uh idk pick me random champ"
Rihie — 5:15 PM
I always like to go into drafts with an idea of what we would like to see both on our side and what we expect of the enemy team, however drafting demands malleability
Rihie — 5:15 PM
Rarely an issue with me if I am not too busy leading up to a series, but I agree wholeheartedly.
I really really love when there is .5 seconds left and we don't have a pick
Bensen — 5:16 PM
How can i help prevent that? Could you provide some approved champs that will help you draft so I can stick to them and practice
Rihie — 5:16 PM
Have been there plenty in the past 😅
Rihie — 5:17 PM
I am fine with our entire lists and want to encourage people to let me know what they are feeling is currently their strong/favored picks so we can draft with those in mind. Worst case I normally just go off the spreadsheet and if it is in green I am assuming you will be fine playing it.
There is a spot on the spreadsheet for drafts as well, I often autistically do flowcharts for series however I think often times once teams get a good idea of comps we favor and champs we like it kinda flows naturally and we end up having less need for things to be so mapped out.
Mr. Hernandez Teaches — 5:19 PM
I already play this
Rihie — 5:19 PM
What I like about the flowcharts though is that they promote discussion so we can figure out what everyone is feeling or if people don't like my ideas, which is important to know and discuss
Rihie — 5:20 PM
That's good, it just wasn't on the spreadsheet
Lulu has also been a classic with Xin when she is viable, which I believe she is pretty good now based on what I have seen in pro play
Mr. Hernandez Teaches — 5:23 PM
I don't play that
Rihie — 5:24 PM
Erik might have more insight/opinions on Xin drafts but I think of our options Seraphine, Nami, Braum and Leona should all be good options
Erik — 5:24 PM
Xin is good with everything
Mr. Hernandez Teaches — 5:24 PM
great, as long as we get xin and sej and we go 2-0 every series we're good
Erik — 5:25 PM
Pretty much
That was the case with sej last seaosn
Mr. Hernandez Teaches — 5:25 PM
sounds like a big L
Rihie — 5:25 PM
True, but he can excel even more if drafted for
Bensen — 5:26 PM
can you show me how you flow chart a draft. like an example
Erik — 5:26 PM
I just don't think xin is good 1v1 onto bruisers
But I mean he's good with enchanters or tanks
Rihie — 5:28 PM
Yeah I can probably find one, in the office but I think I can find one from a past season server
Rihie — 5:32 PM
Here is an example. Nothing too crazy and a lot of "BiS" since drafts have to be fluid due to bans and all that. Mostly to have a good idea of comps we may run and bans we want to do, as well as ideal pick order for going into the team we are playing against.